

When the going gets tough, the tough get going. But sometimes, when the tough get going, they find out that they're not as tough as they thought they were. This can be a real backfire, leading to all sorts of problems.

Sometimes, when people are under a lot of stress, they start to malinger. This means that they pretend to be sick, in order to get out of doing things. It's a sneaky way to get out of work, but it can also be counterproductive, if people find out.

Charisma is a funny thing. It's hard to define, but we all know it when we see it. Some people have it in spades, while others don't have any at all. It's a quality that can't be measured, but it can be calibrate.

Imprecise is another word for "not precise." It means that something is not exact. When you're talking about measurements, this can be a real problem. But when you're talking about people, it's not always a bad thing.

A sequela is a complication that occurs after a disease. It's something that happens as a result of an illness, and it can be serious.

Stonewell is a word that means "strong and durable." It's often used to describe buildings, but it can also be used to describe people.

Defuse is a word that means "to make less dangerous." It's often used in the context of bombs, but it can also be used in the context of tensions between people.

Incinerate is a word that means "to destroy by fire." It's a very extreme way to get rid of something, and it's not always the best option.

Desiccate is a word that means "to dry out." It's often used in the context of food, but it can also be used in the context of people.

Underdog is a word that means "someone who is not expected to win." It's often used in the context of sports, but it can also be used in the context of life.

Denigrate is a word that means "to speak badly of." It's a way of putting someone down, and it's not always fair.

Pandemic is a word that means "an outbreak of a disease." It's a serious problem, and it can be deadly.

Ingest is a word that means "to take in." It's often used in the context of food, but it can also be used in the context of information.

Serried is a word that means "closely packed." It's often used to describe crowds of people, but it can also be used to describe things that are close together.

Stricture is a word that means "a restriction." It's often used in the context of rules, but it can also be used in the context of relationships.

Revelry is a word that means "a party." It's a time when people let loose and have fun.

Hortative is a word that means "encouraging." It's often used in the context of speeches, but it can also be used in the context of conversations.

Valediction is a word that means "a goodbye." It's a way of saying farewell to someone.