

When I was younger, I thought that dissecting frogs in class was the most gruesome and sickening thing imaginable. Now, I realize that it was just a small, insignificant animal and that there are much worse things in the world.retrenching from my previous thoughts, I remember how I used to think that class was the most important thing in the world and that I would never succeed if I didn't get good grades. Now, I realize that grades are just a number and that they don't necessarily reflect my true intelligence.reverberating through my mind, I recall how I used to think that boys were icky and that I would never have a boyfriend. Now, I realize that boys are just people and that I might actually like some of them.fluky as it may seem, I used to think that I was never going to get married or have kids. Now, I realize that I might actually want those things someday.fail.safe as it sounds, I used to think that my parents were always going to be around and that I would never be truly alone in the world. Now, I realize that they're not immortal and that they won't always be there for me. spindly as they appear, I used to think that trees were the strongest and most unbreakable things in the world. Now, I realize that they can be knocked down by strong winds and that they're not as indestructible as I once thought. smarmy as it is, I used to think that I was the most popular girl in school and that everyone liked me. Now, I realize that some people don't like me and that I'm not as popular as I used to think. extrapolating from my current situation, I can see how I used to think that the world revolved around me and that I was the most important person in it. Now, I realize that I'm just a small part of a much larger world and that there are more important things than me. disinfecting my mind of all these old, childish thoughts, I can see how much I've grown and changed over the years. stipple these thoughts away and I'm left with a new understanding of the world and of myself.