

A charlatan is someone who pretends to be something they're not, usually for the purposes of getting money or fame.Charlatans are often very good at convincing people of their phony identities, and they may even start to believe their own lies.Likening someone to a charlatan is to say that they're a fraud or a fake.

Puissance is a French word that means "power" or "strength." It's often used in the context of politics or military might.For example, a nation with a strong economy and a large military might be said to have great puissance.

A sinecure is a job that requires little or no work but comes with a lot of perks. For example, a member of a royal family or a high-ranking church official might have a sinecure. While the job might not be very demanding, it would come with a lot of privileges.

The acme is the highest point or the peak of something. It can be used literally to describe the top of a mountain, or figuratively to describe the pinnacle of success.For example, someone who has achieved the acme of their career might be at the very top of their profession.

Captious is a word that means "critical" or "fault-finding." A captious person is always looking for things to complain about. They might point out the flaws in other people's work or find fault with the way things are done.

Badinage is a French word that means "banter" or "good-natured teasing." It's often used in the context of playful banter between friends.For example, two friends might engage in badinage when they're making jokes at each other's expense.

Flout is a word that means "to disregard" or "to mock." When you flout the rules, you're choosing to disobey them or to make fun of them.For example, someone who flouts the dress code by wearing ripped jeans to a formal event is mocking the rules.

Nascent is a word that means "new" or "emerging." It's often used to describe something that is in the early stages of development.For example, a nascent business might be a startup that is just starting to get off the ground.

Engender is a word that means "to cause" or "to produce." When you engender something, you're responsible for its existence.For example, a parent might engender a child, or a teacher might engender a love of learning in their students.

Palaver is a word that means "to talk" or "to chat." It's often used in the context of idle chatter or meaningless conversation.For example, two people might engage in palaver when they're making small talk at a party.

Scribble is a word that means "to write" or "to draw." When you scribble, you're writing or drawing quickly and carelessly.For example, you might scribble a note to yourself when you're in a hurry.

Halcyon is a word that means " calm" or "peaceful." It's often used to describe a time that was particularly good or happy.For example, the halcyon days of summer might be a time when you relax at the beach or go on vacation.

A watershed is a turning point or a moment of change. It can be used to describe a political or social change, or a personal change.For example, the watershed moment in a person's life might be when they get married or have a child.

Dilettante is a word that means "amateur" or "dabbler." A dilettante is someone who is not an expert in a particular field. They might have a passing interest in something, but they don't really know what they're doing.

Peroration is a word that means "to speak" or "to preach." It's often used in the context of a public speech or a sermon.For example, a politician might give a peroration at a rally, or a preacher might give a peroration at a church service.

Contravene is a word that means "to disobey" or "to go against." When you contravene something, you're choosing to do the opposite of what is expected.For example, someone who contravenes the law is breaking it.

Digress is a word that means "to stray from the topic." When you digress, you're getting off topic or going off on a tangent.For example, a speaker might digress from their prepared remarks if they start talking about something else.

An infraction is a minor violation of the law. It's a less serious offense than a crime, and it usually results in a fine or a warning.For example, jaywalking might be considered an infraction.

Opprobrious is a word that means "disgraceful" or "shameful." It's often used to describe actions that are morally reprehensible.For example, an opprobrious act might be something like stealing from a charity.